###  *A half-formed take on economics:* 
# **custom grocery pricing**, 
#### and our 
# *destiny* 
#### of 
### never-ending 
# **inflation.**

A memoir.


...

Sometimes I think I should study economics, and sometimes I think I should just talk about general, everyday economics. Buying and selling things in real life. Specifically, how stores tend to sell crappier and crappier stuff, and the prices stay... about the same... or even go *up*. 

Let me give you an example: a side table, for the bedroom. I've shopped for side-tables that seem like they're made of cardboard, with a crappy veneer that looks like someone printed out a **picture** of wood, and *stuck* it to the side of the furniture. And the damn thing is still two hundred dollars!!! 

That's not to *mention* the quality of *clothing.* Do you remember when clothes first started becoming crap quality? You could pay $30 for a shirt that was cute as hell, but so thin that it would wither away after 3 washes. And that was a shirt from a higher-end brand, too! 

I guess we got used to the crap quality of clothing, because it's been about 15 years, and we're still getting $10 walmart shirts that are crooked and fall apart in a month. But hey, who doesn't like getting new shirts? Out with the old, in with the new -- especially if it's only ten bucks. And you know what, if you really like something, then you can just get another one when it breaks. (That is, if they still sell your thing. RIP my JC Penney bermuda shorts. *sob*)

The problem is, the prices, slowly, creep up. Almost without me noticing. 

I went to the wayback machine to check what the prices were on walmart shirts in 2008. And you know what, the walmart shirts used to be *2* for $10. Nowadays, they're $12.99. I know, technically it's a different 'brand' or whatever, but we all know the brands are made up walmart brands. I'm just trying to give you the most basic tee shirt they sell, and I'm guessing that the quality of those shirts is roughly the same. And they're more expensive now. 



