# "What happens when ALL jobs are automated??"

- false future: 'all jobs are automated, we are just sitting around while stuff happens instantly.'

- > Time. Even if we automate all tasks, all task automation takes time. 

- - We will need people who work on 'speeding up' tasks.

- - We will need people who are prioritizing what to automate, or what to improve next. 

### We need to know the timeline in which tasks and jobs can be automated. 

## We need to bump up the pay for time spent by humans doing human-only things. 
*of course data tagging
  - Human stuff: deciding the goal of development; where to allot money to
  - Humans have the money, so they get to decide what AI does. If the AI had money for tokens, it could prompt itself to 'decide'. 


## When our government and economy are taking the tactic "move fast and break things," we need to speed up our justice system's response.
- Faster, easier injunctions against AI developments and releases that could harm people. 
- Value of justice system -- law, courts; do we want to use a competition system (capitalism-like) to compare 2+ courts? Do we want to supercharge the justice system with automation? 
  - We could make things a lot smoother by having much more explanation of what you need to bring with you to court, what kinds of evidence you need, etc. 

- We need to increase the value of time spent by humans making steering decisions about society. 

- How do we make it economically feasible to do human-tasks?
  - Division of labor; new jobs ex. insurance benefit mgr, financial services, etc
  - Deal with K-shaped economy (few tech people have ALL the money): Taxes; Public ownership of AI content; Copyright payback from creators of stuff consumed by AI bots; 
    - Develop products & services that target the ultra-wealthy and convince them to give up their money (is there anything other than conspicuous consumption (handbags etc), health, and equity that you could even sell them??)