Feb 13th 2026
Thoughts

# AI advancements & Software

Someone is definitely throwing a ton of money at AI Penetration software right now. 

### Cybersec is an evergreen industry -- especially with all of the underemployed computer science recent graduates, with advanced computing skills.  

As long as people use computers & AI tools, they will need cyber security, or 'infosec'. Software companies are taking a hit on the stock market right now, but we will always need cybersecurity - like how we will always need medical care. 

As for the underemployed fresh-out compsci students: What does a society do with a bunch of young men, who were promised the world, and then got the rug pulled out from under them? Isn't that typically a bad sign for society -- a ton of intelligent, empowered, disgruntled youth?

I wouldn't necessarily expect riots and a full-on revolution.  The population of CS new grads isn't THAT large, isn't concentrated in one area, is relatively introverted and nonviolent, and... to be honest, unemployed CS grads might feel like they're still doing 'ok' in a society where the minimum wage will still leave the average person destitute. However, what they do have is the power to influence the digital landscape that we live in.

I'm expecting hacking. 

To track whether hacking becomes more prevalent, we should keep an eye on the [CVE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Vulnerabilities_and_Exposures) - a giant database of every vulnerability that has ever been found. Granted, 'black-hat' (malicious) hackers *aren't* going to post vulnerabilities on CVE -- at least, until after they've made use of the vulnerability. 

Opensource tools can have vulnerabilties, ex. Clawdbot/Moltbook's lack of basic credential secrecy, [among other vulnerabilities](https://www.intruder.io/blog/clawdbot-when-easy-ai-becomes-a-security-nightmare). There were multiple npm hacks. Many Moltbot/OpenClaw plugins, called 'skills,' are [tools engineered to steal your logins for crypto trading.](https://securityaffairs.com/187562/malware/moltbot-skills-exploited-to-distribute-400-malware-packages-in-days.html) 

On the other hand, there are some advancements being made to combat these vulnerabilities. 

Some people are making registries, ex. [MCPSDK's Marketplace](https://toolsdk.ai/marketplace), or the self-policed ["Official MCP Registry"](https://registry.modelcontextprotocol.io/), that show which MCP tools are safe and have been vetted, but there are a lot of tools out there that are just 'vibe-coded' without anyone checking for vulnerabilities. 

There are existing tools that check your code as you push it, to make sure that code doesn't have any vulnerabilities -- ex.  Checkmarx and BlackDuck. 

We don't know what kinds of exploits that flocks of AI working together (agent swarms) will come up with. 

-> Won't AI agents need more reasoning ability to come up with exploits? 

You could let an agent loose on a CLI, tell it to issue a ton of different commands to the cli, and then tell it what the 'win condition' is for when it succeeds, and what the 'fail condition' is. And then reset the environment when it fails. Then, you'd be able to randomly get privilege escalation and discover new combinations of commands to hack into a system.

Any system or 'game' where you can repeat over and over with very clear and 'gradable' win-loss conditions is very useful for training AI.

AI 'reasoning' - research groups are currently working on ways to train AI to help do more research (typical lazy asses! Just kidding) 

I wonder if there's a direct-to-consumer security solution for downloading new tools. Ex. some malware scanner that people can add on to existing tools like bitdefender, mcafee. As other people start downloading all of the new vibecoded tools, we'll be exposing ourselves to exploits if we don't already have an ai agent we can use to vet the code for us. **Make it convenient for consumers to use on mobile before downloading mobile software?

How easy is it to vibe-code mobile software? That seems like the next 'thing' that random people will want to use -- make their own mobile apps, assuming people use their phones for things (buying tickets, browsing stores, doing other chores...) more than they use an actual laptop. 



